good afternoon my dear students today I
will talk about schizophrenia it is
known as a bad and very serious mental
illness but i think it's not true let me
give you an example the girl here with
me is and skits in phrenic hello
everyone and Marianne and my doctor says
I've got she's a funny oh so I have to
take green blue and yellow pills every
morning exactly dear pills are what I
wanted to talk about can you tell us a
story about taking pills during the
winter yeah sure well I was snowboarding
with my friends it was very very cold my
feet were frozen that morning I took my
green blue and yellow pills that's very
important to mention it was cold as I
said and I wore a double jacket seven
socks and for scarves but I still felt
so fucking cold like everyone else all
right my dear tell us what happened the
day after that night we all got very
drunk I drank a whole bottle of vodka
which is supposed to be very bad for my
length all condition I had fun I had sex
with three guys and I thought they were
all unicorns anyway the morning after i
was still dizzy you know like a drunk
hooker or something so i forgot to take
my pills very interesting my dear marion
so too small that's about when the real
magic started to happen everyone got
dressed for snowboarding except me cause
i thought we were on some hot island
maybe Hawaii or Cuba I went down in my
underwear and I didn't feel cold at all
I felt hot did you like that feeling my
dear I mean did you prefer winter
feeling or summer feeling what a
question of course i preferred summer
feeling i came to hyatt winter i go
snowboarding just because it's cruel and
all the guys i want to have sex with get
drunk on after ski parties so they want
to play with me if you know what I mean
yes of course I do my lovely Marion and
tell us what happened next well I have
time of my life I felt like Lady Gaga on
stage everyone was looking at me like I
was some kind of super star like I was
Angelina Jolie it was awesome ok Mary
Anne but were you aware of the fact that
it was all because you didn't take pills
yeah sure but when I looked at myself in
mirror I saw Angelina Jolie so I decided
not to take pills ever again I was
happier much happier I think I must be
myself not someone else not the person
made up by doctors and pills if you
understand me yes my dear sweet Marian
so did you stop taking pills for good
sure I did look at me I am dressed up
for beach even though it's December and
I look like Angelina Jolie you look a
bit like Brad Pitt I think I'm okay my
dear if you say so I have one more
question if you don't mind actually I do
mind I'm sorry but I have a plane to
catch I'm flying to London to marry
Prince William and Kate Kate Middleton's
oh yes William bought me and unicum and
told me he loves me because I'm always
on the beach even if it's Christmas and
also because I learned jelly Lajoie okay
thank you for your time no problem
anytime after my wedding that would be
all for today what we learned is that
skitzofrenix should not take pills
because without them they're happier and
happy people make this world a better
place bye bye and see you in my next
show bye sexy motherfuckers